Document read-only operations (#333)
massalabs/docs: docs/learn/architecture/operation-lifecycle.mdx

12. Eventually, the block will be marked as final and the ledger modification, including the operation changes, 
will become final in the finalized ledger.

# Read-only operations

Besides normal operations described previously, massa nodes can also execute read-only requests, aiming to simulate as closely as possible what would 
happen if the user sent a real operation. These can be used for testing, or in order to get gas estimations (as the gas consumed by a read-only execution is
returned with the response).

The Execution Module will handle read-only request, and revert back any changes made to the state during the execution of such requests.

> Different massa nodes may execute the same read-only requests under different contexts (and as such provide different responses),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read-only request happens at the slot just after the latest executed slot at the moment of execution.
The same way you can't ensure at which height a normal operation is executed, different nodes might have processed different non-final blocks at a given time and execute the same read-only request under different contexts depending on that.
```

12. Eventually, the block will be marked as final and the ledger modification, including the operation changes, 
will become final in the finalized ledger.

# Read-only operations

Besides normal operations described previously, massa nodes can also execute read-only requests, aiming to simulate as closely as possible what would 
happen if the user sent a real operation. These can be used for testing, or in order to get gas estimations (as the gas consumed by a read-only execution is
returned with the response).

The Execution Module will handle read-only request, and revert back any changes made to the state during the execution of such requests.

The read-only request happens at the slot just after the latest executed slot at the moment of execution.
The same way you can't ensure at which height a normal operation is executed, different nodes might have processed different non-final blocks at a given time and execute the same read-only request under different contexts depending on that.

> as no consensus mechanism is used to ensure their are synced for these requests.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as no consensus mechanism is used to ensure their are synced for these requests.  
```
